---
title: "Registry"
bg: turquoise
color: white
fa-icon: gift
---

We are so excited about getting married and moving forward in our lives together.  We have a small apartment now and no idea what our future home may be like concerning space, or colors, etc, or how long it will be before we move into it.  For the sake of storage and unknowingness, we have not included some basics like matching plates, etc to our registry.  What we do know is that our style will always be focused on art and antique.  We both believe strongly in supporting your local artists.  Emily loves vintage glassware, particularly from the depression era.  There are items on the registry connecting to etsy and could be adapted to a local artist or another etsy designer of your choice.

What it comes down to, we don’t yet have funds for a honeymoon, house, or furnishing a house.  Most people don’t like talking about or asking for money, and we are no different from this.  More than gifts, we would benefit by monetary support towards a downpayment on a house.  We are offsetting our discomfort of asking for money by also providing an opportunity to share about one of our favorite non-profits, the [Salt Lake City Bike Collective](http://www.bicyclecollective.org/).  We met at one of their events and continue to grow as a couple in their community.  We are hoping some of you may be willing to donate 5-10 dollars to them and we will be able to deliver a donation as a sign of our commitment to goodwill and community as we begin married life together.

- [Amazon Registry](https://www.amazon.com/registry/wedding/1B57GFQJSDK6M){:target="_blank"}

Fun facts about the Amazon Registry:
It’s called a ‘universal registry’ because it links to any other site or store
You can buy the items (or similar) from somewhere else and mark it as ‘purchased’ on the registry. (Coupons, sales at other places, found at thrift store, found a local boutique or farmer’s market…..)
When you click on them, you may have an option to buy them right then and there.  Bam.
Or.. there is a link for ‘Buying this gift elsewhere?’ and then it is known to be purchased so there aren’t duplicates.
The items that link you to Etsy and other sites may be a general idea, but purchased at a local farmer’s market or local vendor.  We love local and art, so support your local vendors:)  This has a link that says ‘Mark this item as purchased’.
