---
title: "About Us"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: check-square-o
---

**Mark Polichette, ‘Chetti’:**
Local boy, born and raised in small town Wanship, UT.  I caused trouble there and continued trouble when I moved to the big city of Salt Lake.  My trouble includes tall bikes, bike jousts, other bike shenanigans, creating art, and drinking local beer.  I’ve been making fake rocks and am exploring the world of medical plastics.  I build stuff, and build it well.  I have the hairiest of hair and great fur.

**Emily Bailey:**
I left the great state of Kentucky to head west for college and studied Music Therapy at Colorado State University in Ft. Collins, CO.  There I both studied the greatest profession ever, and was ingrained with a love for fun bikes and great beer that would later help me hook my mate.  I moved to Utah in 2011 to get a change of scenery while keeping the mountains, deserts, and openness of the west in my backyard.

**The Us:**
We met at Bike Prom, 2014.  Bike prom is an adult prom and fundraiser event for the [Salt Lake City Bike Collective](http://www.bicyclecollective.org/).  We danced the night away and the rest is history.  No, just kidding.   We wooed, we drank beers, we rode bikes, and we went on road trips.  Our first year together included music festivals in California, Tour de Fat in Fort Collins, Portland MiniBike Winter with ZooBomb, costume parties, camping, and running around town with a dog in a wagon.  We also adopted our four-legged friend, Kangaroo.  Come Bike Prom 2015, a tandem bike was purchased, we danced the night away, and at the end of the night, we were engaged!  We are so excited to build our lives together!
